Moved crucial how-to documentation (#556)
patternfly/patternfly-elements: docs/content/getting-started/_index.md

Use [NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/) (Node Package Manager) to install individual PatternFly Elements.

```bash
npm install --save @patternfly/pfe-card
npm install --save @patternfly/pfe-cta
```

## 2. Include PatternFly Elements JavaScript

There are a few options:

1. Load JavaScript modules via script tag: `script type="module"`
	1.  Downloads all of the dependencies on its own.
	2.  [Only supported in modern browsers](https://caniuse.com/#search=module).
2. Include the PatternFly Element and its dependencies on the page(s) or within the app.

	```html
	import '@patternfly/pfe-card/pfe-card.js';
	import '@patternfly/pfe-cta/pfe-cta.js';
	```

3. Use [require.js](https://requirejs.org/) JavaScript file and module loader.
	- Learn more about [Polyfills](/getting-started/polyfills)
3. Load individual PatternFly Element scripts, but bundle the polyfills with the base `pfelement.js` file.
	1.  All elements are based off of pfelement.js so including the polyfills with this one file would mean you only need to include the pfelement.js file before you include anything else.
4. Bundle all of the scripts together into one rollup, and include that.

## 3. Use PatternFly Elements markup

> Different components have different intended uses. We tend to thing of them in 3 distinct groups:

Reviewer: typo thing should be think

Author: updated, thx!

- Content, such as a call-to-action: `pfe-cta`
- Containers, such as a card: `pfe-card`
- Combos, such as the pattern which captures sets of content and renders it as an accordion or tab set: `pfe-content-set`

### Content Components

The beauty of web components is that they have much of the styling built-into the tag itself. Start with the tags first.

```
<body>
    <pfe-cta>
        <a href="#">Learn more</a>
    </pfe-cta>
</body>
```

### Container components (see also container notes below)

```
<body>
    <pfe-card pfe-color="darkest">

>         Hello world.

Reviewer 2: Maybe wrap this in a p-tag since unwrapped text is problematic in components and it might not be good to show many demos doing that?

Author: thx, updated

## 4. Add attributes 

You may choose to add attributes such as `pfe-variant`, `pfe-priority` or `pfe-color` as needed to adjust usage of general theme, palette color, or priority. Check the readme file of a component to see what attributes are supported. Or check out the [Storybook](https://patternfly.github.io/patternfly-elements/demo) to preview how the attributes work.

#### General

>   Priority & variant attributes change style styles globally:

Reviewer: I think this should read:
Priority & variant attributes change styles globally:

Author: thanks, updated

  ```
  <pfe-cta pfe-priority="primary">...</pfe-cta>
  <pfe-tabs pfe-variant="earth">...</pfe-tabs>
  ```

  **Full list:**

  *   `pfe-priority`
  *   `pfe-variant`

#### Specific

> Color or align attributes change specific properties

Reviewer: I think this should read:
Color & align attributes change specific properties

Author: updated, thx!

```
<pfe-cta pfe-color="accent">...</pfe-cta>
```

#### **Full list:**

*   `pfe-align`
*   `pfe-color`
*   `vertical`
*   `horizontal`

> ## 5. Use CSS variables as needed

Reviewer 2: Suggest: Use CSS variables to provide hooks for customizing the component or as a means of updating styles based on attributes

It's a long title I know, maybe there's a more succinct way to communicate those two things.

> ## 5. Use CSS variables as needed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 5. Use CSS variables to provide hooks for customization or as a means of updating internal styles
```

> CSS variables are subject to the normal cascade, so consider where you want these overrides to propogate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CSS variables are subject to the normal cascade, so consider where you want these overrides to propagate.  We strongly recommend assigning internal variables or "local" variables to a property only once in a component and then utilizing the cascade to update the value of the variable.  For example:

```scss
:host {
     padding: var(--pfe-card--Padding, 20px);
}

:host([pfe-size="small"]) {
    --pfe-card--Padding: 10px;
}
 ```

Reviewer 2: Sorry the suggestion tool was getting confused by my insertion of the code block so that formatting will need to be cleaned up.

Author: This code example seems like a good addition to the theming section (please add!) but this getting-started doc is just for folks who are using the components, so they wouldn't be adding host CSS

Reviewer 2: +1 Will make a note to add that to the theming section instead!

}
```

_Note_: overriding local variables (i.e., --pfe-cta--foo) will not work at this level.  Those overrides can only be done on the component via tag name, class, or ID.

#### Page-level CSS, component variables

```
/* your-page.css */
pfe-cta {
    --pfe-cta--BackgroundColor: green;
}
pfe-band {
    --pfe-band--Padding--vertical: 34px;
}
```

### Component-level inline CSS

As a last resort, you may choose to override variables with inline styles. This could be desirable if you only need one component to deviate from the design system. Note that this incurs some level of risk, especially related to colors, as you are opting out of the color combinations in the system.

```
<pfe-cta style="--pfe-cta--BackgroundColor:pink">
```

## 6. Victory!

Be sure to browser test within your own site or application. If you run into any trouble, please file an issue in the [issue queue](https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-elements/issues).

<hr/>

## FAQ

### Should I use on=dark or color=darkest on my container? What's the difference?

*   `on=dark` is being deprecated. Instead, custom classes already on the page should set broadcast values.

> *   The original goal for `on=dark` was all about context. But instead of having to provide another attribute somewhere, the card or a band or another container will inform any nested components that the text color needs to change through the set of broadcast variables. Existing broadcast vars (defined in `$BROADCAST-VARS`)  include: `text`, `ui-link`, `ui-link--hover`, `ui-link--visited`, `ui-link--focus`.

Reviewer: Think this should read:
The original goal for `on=dark` was all about context, but instead of having to provide another attribute somewhere, the card, a band, or another container will inform any nested components that the text color needs to change through the set of broadcast variables.

Author: updated, thx!

*   If your page has a custom background color for a band or card, you should set the background and also set the broadcast colors.

```
.custom-dark-band {
  background: black;
  --pfe-broadcasted--color--text:             var(--pfe-theme--color--text--on-dark, #fff);
  --pfe-broadcasted--color--ui-link:          var(--pfe-theme--color--ui-link--on-dark, #73bcf7);
  --pfe-broadcasted--color--ui-link--hover:   var(--pfe-theme--color--ui-link--on-dark--hover, pink);
  --pfe-broadcasted--color--ui-link--visited: var(--pfe-theme--color--ui-link--on-dark--visited, pink);
  --pfe-broadcasted--color--ui-link--focus:   var(--pfe-theme--color--ui-link--on-dark--focus, pink);
}
```

In themes (like the advanced-theme.css file from the Red Hat Theme ) we apply broadcast variables to plain links, because they are light DOM and also have default colors applied by the browser. This CSS file not only includes variables but also styles for headlines and links on the page. It sets the colors for these elements using a CSS variable, which web components can change the value of.

> For example, advanced-theme.css includes

Reviewer: I think there should be a colon at the end of this sentence
For example, advanced-theme.css includes:

Author: updated, thx!

```
.PFElement a {
color: var(--pfe-broadcasted--color--ui-link);
}
```

We choose not to apply broadcast colors to text elements like paragraphs because it still would not be high enough specificity to override anything coming from pre-existing stylesheets, and paragraphs will inherit color from parents. 

```
// this would not really be helpful to add to cp-theme or redhat-theme
h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6, p { 
  color: var(--pfe-broadcasted--color--text);
}
// if there was some class like this in the theme, It would override it anyway. 
body.editorial .body1.generic1 {
    color: #646464;
}
```

Instead, in the host of components, use:

```
:host {
  color: var(--pfe-broadcasted--color--text);
}
```

> Then call theme mixin to flip colors of the on=dark on=light attributes. Default tags will use these colors. If devs implementing the component have more specific styles on their page, they will have to handle it.

Reviewer: Seeing how it is stated earlier that `on=dark` is being deprecated should this be updated to reflect that or do you want to wait till `on=dark` is officially not supported?

Author: removed, thanks!
